for this Christmas is at the end of
dinner with a break of almonds you want
learn how to do it in the village
we say as for an approximate liter of
break we need 280 grams of sugar
120 grams of cane liquor 100
grams of almonds a liter of milk 6
eggs a pinch of baking soda
two cloves nutmeg and cinnamon stick
in a pot we put the milk and
we add a quarter of the cinnamon stick
the cloves the sugar and the baking
we heat up so that inclusions and
let reduce at low heat for about 10
minutes and turn off the heat and let
cool the mixture a little
meanwhile we pricked the almonds and
we put them to toast in a saucepan do not leave
to move so that they are evenly browned
and do not burn when they have the color
Golden separates and reserve
On the other hand, we separate the yolks from the
clear and we will beat them to be and
bones if you prefer or you're going to do
much quantity uses a blender and you
it will make faster
Once the milk is warm, we remove the
cinnamon and cloves
now let's temper the buds this
step is very delicate we should incorporate
the milk little by little while still moving
to avoid cooking the yolks
weather
doubt
when you have half the milk
incorporated into the pot and
We carry on low heat while still moving
in addition
We know that it is ready when it starts
to thicken and you want to make sure you use
a thermometer and when you dial 85 degrees
remove from the fire and add the brandy
mix very well because this will help us
to lower the temperature later you can
add the nutmeg subtly and the
toasted almonds
same
I dont know
so
i
and it cools and stores in a bottle of
pre-sterilized glass for
keep for longer if you're going to
immediately consume this step is not
necessary
Merry Christmas enjoy these dates
cooking your family we'll see you in the
next recipe and help us share the
video